gh-139374: colorize `timeit` error traceback (#139375)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

  (Contributed by Christoph Walcher in :gh:`57911`.)

timeit
------

> * Error tracebacks are now colourised by default. This can be controlled by
>   :ref:`environment variables <using-on-controlling-color>`.
>   (Contributed by Yi Hong in :gh:`139374`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The command-line interface now colorize error tracebacks
  by default. This can be controlled by
  :ref:`environment variables <using-on-controlling-color>`.
  (Contributed by Yi Hong in :gh:`139374`.)
```

  (Contributed by Christoph Walcher in :gh:`57911`.)

timeit
------

> * The command-line interface now colorize error tracebacks
>   by default. This can be controlled by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The command-line interface now colorizes error tracebacks
  by default. This can be controlled with
```
Little grammar nits.
